Create insider release for v1.1.0990.01 (#556)
microsoft/accessibility-insights-windows: Channels/Insider/release_notes.md

- We have fixed several issues to make the app more usable for screen reader users.
- We have updated to Axe.Windows 0.3.4 [#529](https://github.com/microsoft/accessibility-insights-windows/pull/529)
- We have fixed the issue that caused "Prerelease Build" to display incorrectly in the version bar [#450](https://github.com/microsoft/accessibility-insights-windows/pull/450)

> - We have fixed the "File issue" button column width so it scales appropriately with font size [#551](https://github.com/microsoft/accessibility-insights-windows/pull/551)

Reviewer: We should reference the issue where we have one (the others didn't have issues)
```suggestion
- We have fixed the "File issue" button column width so it scales appropriately with font size [#544 ](https://github.com/microsoft/accessibility-insights-windows/issues/544)
```
